Doc updates for bpfctl list --all and map-prog-uuid (#602)
bpfd-dev/bpfd: docs/getting-started/bpfctl-guide.md

```

This is only needed if `bpfd` is run as a systemd service.
When `sudo ./scripts/setup.sh install` is run to launch bpfd as a systemd service, all the BPF

> objects files from the `examples/` directory are copied to `/run/bpfd/examples/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
object files from the `examples/` directory are copied to `/run/bpfd/examples/`.
```

  load-from-image  Load an eBPF program packaged in a OCI container image from a given registry
  unload           Unload an eBPF program using the UUID
  list             List all eBPF programs loaded via bpfd

>   get              Get a program's metadata information specified by kernel id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
get              Get a program's metadata by kernel id
```

Author: Done. Fixed in document and helptext.

```console
bpfctl load-from-file --help

> Load a BPF program from a local .o file

Reviewer: Pick one 😆 either `a BPF` or `an eBPF` and be consistent.

Usage: bpfctl load-from-file [OPTIONS] --path <PATH> --section-name <SECTION_NAME> <COMMAND>

Commands:

>   xdp         Install an eBPF program on the XDP hook point for a given interface

Reviewer: Same here.

Author: Sticking with eBPF

  -g, --global <GLOBAL>...
          Optional: Global variables to be set when program is loaded.
          Format: <NAME>=<Hex Value>
          
          This is a very low level primitive. The caller is responsible for formatting
          the byte string appropriately considering such things as size, endianness,
          alignment and packing of data structures.

      --map-owner-uuid <MAP_OWNER_UUID>

>           Optional: Uuid of loaded eBPF program this eBPF program will share a map with.

Reviewer: capitalize UUID in the text here.

Author: Done

          Only used when multiple eBPF programs need to share a map. If a map is being

>           shared with another eBPF program, the eBPF program that created the map can not

Reviewer: This needs to some further clarification. You CAN remove the first program before the second one, but you'll put `bpfd` in a bad state when the next XDP/TC program is loaded since the pin path will no longer exist.

Author: I added a check that prevents it from being unloaded. I can remove this if needed.
https://github.com/bpfd-dev/bpfd/blob/main/bpfd/src/bpf.rs#L1230

an `xdp` program can be modified as follows:

```console
bpfctl load-from-file -p /run/bpfd/examples/xdp_pass_kern.o -s "xdp" xdp -i mynet1 -p 30 --proceed-on drop pass dispatcher_return
```

### Sharing Maps Between eBPF Programs

> To shares maps between eBPF programs, first load the eBPF program that owns the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To share maps between eBPF programs, first load an eBPF program that owns some
```

> To shares maps between eBPF programs, first load the eBPF program that owns the
> maps.
> One eBPF program must own the maps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to share maps between eBPF programs, you first need to have loaded a program.
This program is the map owner.
```

Author: Done

UUID:                               d6939812-5f6a-42ff-9b55-d3668d8527d0
Path:                               /run/bpfd/examples/go-xdp-counter/bpf_bpfel.o
Global:                             None
Map Pin Path:                       /run/bpfd/fs/maps/87100e16-4481-4f97-be89-f68d269d6062
Map Owner UUID:                     87100e16-4481-4f97-be89-f68d269d6062
Map Used By:                        d6939812-5f6a-42ff-9b55-d3668d8527d0
Priority:                           50
Iface:                              vethff657c7
Position:                           0
Proceed On:                         pass, dispatcher_return
:
```

As the output shows, the first program (`87100e16-4481-4f97-be89-f68d269d6062`)
owns the map, with `Map Program UUID` blank and the `Map Pin Path`
(`/run/bpfd/fs/maps/87100e16-4481-4f97-be89-f68d269d6062`) that includes its own
UUID.

The second program (`d6939812-5f6a-42ff-9b55-d3668d8527d0`) references the first
program via the `Map Program UUID` set to `87100e16-4481-4f97-be89-f68d269d6062`
and the `Map Pin Path` (`/run/bpfd/fs/maps/87100e16-4481-4f97-be89-f68d269d6062`)
set to same directory as the first program, which includes the first program's UUID.

> The output for both commands show the map is being used by the second program via

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The output for both commands shows the map is being used by the second program via
```

the `Map Used By` with a value of `d6939812-5f6a-42ff-9b55-d3668d8527d0`.

> The eBPF program that owns the maps cannot be unloaded until all eBPF programs

Reviewer 2: Yeah based on Dave's earlier comment I'm alright with removing this restriction.

referencing the maps have been unloaded.
Otherwise an error will be returned:

```console
bpfctl unload 87100e16-4481-4f97-be89-f68d269d6062
Error = status: Aborted, message: "An error occurred. map being used by other eBPF program", details: [], metadata: MetadataMap { headers: {"content-type": "application/grpc", "date": "Mon, 17 Jul 2023 20:30:42 GMT", "content-length": "0"} }
Error: Failed to execute request
```

So first unload the eBPF program referencing the map, then unload the map owner:

```console
bpfctl unload d6939812-5f6a-42ff-9b55-d3668d8527d0
bpfctl unload 87100e16-4481-4f97-be89-f68d269d6062
```

## bpfctl list

> The `bpfctl list` command lists all the bpfd loaded eBPF programs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `bpfctl list` command lists all the eBPF programs loaded by bpfd:
```

Author: Done

 6193                                                               cgroup_skb     2023-07-17T17:15:23-0400
 6194                                                               cgroup_device  2023-07-17T17:15:23-0400
 6201       96c4671c-e764-4016-8e79-ee99b2d58c12  pass              xdp            2023-07-17T17:17:53-0400
 6202       995e87fe-4d1d-48ce-b348-3411342cf661  sys_enter_openat  tracepoint     2023-07-17T17:19:09-0400
 6203                                             dispatcher        tc             2023-07-17T17:20:14-0400
 6204       665954eb-0532-4849-8db6-e127e3fe3072  stats             tc             2023-07-17T17:20:14-0400
 6207                                             xdp               xdp            2023-07-17T17:27:13-0400
```

To filter on a given program type, include the `--program-type` parameter:

```console
bpfctl list --all --program-type tc
 Kernel ID  Bpfd UUID                             Name        Type  Load Time
 6203                                             dispatcher  tc    2023-07-17T17:20:14-0400
 6204       665954eb-0532-4849-8db6-e127e3fe3072  stats       tc    2023-07-17T17:20:14-0400
```

## bpfctl get

> To retrieve detailed information for a loaded eBPF program, use the
> `bpfctl get` command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To retrieve detailed information for a loaded eBPF program, use the
`bpfctl get <Kernel_ID>` command.
```

Map Owner UUID:                     None
Map Used By:                        None
Priority:                           100
Iface:                              vethff657c7
Position:                           0
Direction:                          eg
Proceed On:                         pipe, dispatcher_return

#################### Kernel State ##################

Kernel ID:                          6204
Name:                               stats
Type:                               tc
Loaded At:                          2023-07-17T17:20:14-0400
Tag:                                ead94553702a3742
GPL Compatible:                     true
Map IDs:                            [2705]
BTF ID:                             2821
Size Translated (bytes):            176
JITed:                              true
Size JITed (bytes):                 116
Kernel Allocated Memory (bytes):    4096
Verified Instruction Count:         24
```

```console
bpfctl get 6190

#################### Bpfd State ####################
NONE

#################### Kernel State ##################

Kernel ID:                          6190

> Name:

Reviewer 2: Hrm this is probably a field we should put `None` for if the name is empty.

Reviewer 2: Maybe a small fix in another issue?

Author: Done
